Add documentation about multiple templates for capture (#796)
org-roam/org-roam: doc/org-roam.org

5. ="%?"= is the template inserted on each call to =org-roam-capture--capture=.
   This template means don't insert any content, but place the cursor
   here.
6. =:file-name= is the file-name template for a new note, if it doesn't yet
   exist. This creates a file at path that looks like
   =/path/to/org-roam-directory/20200213032037-foo.org=. This template also
   allows you to specify if you want the note to go into a

>    subdirectory. e.g. the template =private/${slug}= will create notes in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   subdirectory.  For example, the template =private/${slug}= will create notes in
```

Author: https://github.com/org-roam/org-roam/pull/796/commits/a7b5e24425683b2dfd154b1842f67625ffa481c9

>    =/path/to/org-roam-directory/private=

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   =/path/to/org-roam-directory/private=.
```

Author: https://github.com/org-roam/org-roam/pull/796/commits/a7b5e24425683b2dfd154b1842f67625ffa481c9
